ngcf embedding and moving text around (#56)
SpecialeBajs/Rapport: article/compare-embeddings.tex

\subsection{Embeddings comparison}
\subsubsection{Price-aware recommendation}\label{subsubsec:price}
The input parameters when constructing the embeddings are the adjacency matrix $A \in \mathbb{R}^{N \times N}$ and identity matrix $I \in \mathbb{R}^{N \times N}$, where $N$ is the number of nodes.
Embeddings from node j to node i are propagated as follows \cite{Priceaware},
\begin{equation}
    t_{ji} = \frac{1}{|\mathcal{N}_i|}e'_j,
\end{equation}
where $\mathcal{N}_i$ is the set of neighbors for node $i$ and $e'_j$ is the embedding node j.
The updating rule is,
\begin{align*}
     & o_u = \sum_{j \in \{i \textrm{ with } R_{ui}=1 \} \cup \{ u\}}^{} t_{ju}                            \\
     & o_i = \sum_{j \in \{u \textrm{ with } R_{ui}=1 \} \cup \{ i, \textbf{c}_i \textbf{p}_i\}}^{} t_{ji} \\
     & o_c = \sum_{j \in \{i \textrm{ with } \textbf{c}_i=c \} \cup \{ c\}}^{} t_{jc}                      \\
     & o_p = \sum_{j \in \{i \textrm{ with } \textbf{p}_i=c \} \cup \{ p\}}^{} t_{jp}                      \\
     & e_f = \textrm{tanh}(o_f), f \in \{u, i, c, p\},
\end{align*}

> where $e_u$, $e_i$, $e_c$, and $e_p$ are the embeddings for user $u$, item $i$, category $c$ and price $p$ respectively.

Reviewer: husk at beskrive embeddings i ligning 3!

These embeddings are used to compute the predictions as described in \autoref{subsec:price-intro}.

\subsubsection{LightGCN}\label{subsubsec:lightgcn-embedding}
The embeddings for LightGCN are constructed as follows \cite{lightgcn},
\begin{equation}
    E^{(k+1)} = (D^{\frac{1}{2}}AD^{\frac{1}{2}}E^{(k)}),
\end{equation}
where $A$ is the adjacency matrix containing users and items (described in \autoref{subsubsec:lightGCN-adj}) and $D$ is a diagonal matrix, where $D_{ii}$ denotes the sum of the $i-th$ row in the adjacency matrix $A$.
The $0th$ layer embedding $E^{(0)} \in R^{(I + U)\times T}$, where $T$ is the embedding size.
The final embedding is obtained as follows,

\begin{equation}

>     e_u = \sum_{k=0}^{K} \alpha_k e_u^{(k)};\;\;\; e_i = \sum_{k=0}^{K} \alpha_k e_i^{(k)},

Reviewer: Nævn lige K

\subsection{Embeddings comparison}

> \subsubsection{Price-aware recommendation}\label{subsubsec:price}

Author: Den beskrivelse har jeg tilføjet til introduktionen, da det er gældende for dem alle

     & o_c = \sum_{j \in \{i \textrm{ with } \textbf{c}_i=c \} \cup \{ c\}}^{} t_{jc}                      \\
     & o_p = \sum_{j \in \{i \textrm{ with } \textbf{p}_i=c \} \cup \{ p\}}^{} t_{jp}                      \\
     & e_f = \textrm{tanh}(o_f), f \in \{u, i, c, p\},
\end{align*}
where $e_u$, $e_i$, $e_c$, and $e_p$ are the embeddings for user $u$, item $i$, category $c$ and price $p$.
These embeddings are used for the prediction as described in \autoref{subsec:price-intro}.

\subsubsection{LightGCN}\label{subsubsec:lightgcn-embedding}
The embeddings for LightGCN are calculated as follows \cite{lightgcn},
\begin{equation}
    E^{(k+1)} = (D^{\frac{1}{2}}AD^{\frac{1}{2}}E^{(k)}),
\end{equation}
where $A$ is the adjacency matrix containing users and items (described in \autoref{subsubsec:lightGCN-adj}) and $D$ is a diagonal matrix, where $D_{ii}$ denotes the sum of the $i-th$ row in the adjacency matrix $A$.
The $0th$ layer embedding $E^{(0)} \in R^{(I + U)\times T}$, where $T$ is the embedding size.
The final embedding is obtained as follows,

\begin{equation}
    e_u = \sum_{k=0}^{K} \alpha_k e_u^{(k)};\;\;\; e_i = \sum_{k=0}^{K} \alpha_k e_i^{(k)},
\end{equation}

> where $\alpha$ is set to $1/(K + 1)$.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where $\alpha$ is set to $1/(K + 1)$ and is used to normalize the embeddings.
```

$\alpha$ is used to normalize the embeddings.

\subsubsection{NGCF}\label{subsubsec:NGCF-embed}

> The embeddings for NGCF are calculated as follows \cite{NGCF_2019},

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The embeddings for NGCF are constructed as follows \cite{NGCF_2019},
```

\begin{equation}
    \begin{split}
        E^{(l)} = &LeakyReLU((\lambda + I)E^{(l-1)}W_1^{(l)}+\\
        & \lambda E^{(l-1)}\bigodot E^{(l-1)}W_2^{(l))},
    \end{split}
\end{equation}

> where $E^{(l)} \in \mathbb{R}^{I+U \times T}$ are the item and user embedding after $l$ convolutions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where $E^{(l)} \in \mathbb{R}^{I+U \times T}$ are the item and user embeddings after $l$ convolutions.
```

$E^{(0)} \in \mathbb{R}^{I+U \times T}$ is the $0th$ layer embedding, where $T$ is the embedding size.
$I$ is the identity matrix.
$W_1^{(l)}$ and $W_2^{(l)}$ are trainable weight matrices.
$\lambda$ is the Laplacian matrix for the user-item, item-price and item-category graph, and is defined as follows:
\begin{equation}
    \lambda = D^{\frac{1}{2}}AD^{\frac{1}{2}},
\end{equation}
where $A$ and $D$ are the adjacency and diagonal matrix.

\subsubsection{Differences in embeddings}

> The difference between NGCF and LightGCN can be seen to be that NGCF utilizes the $LeakyReLU$ activation function as well as using the trainable weight matrices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The difference between NGCF and LightGCN are that NGCF utilizes the $LeakyReLU$ activation function as well as using the trainable weight matrices.
```

> Where NGCF and LightGCN are constructed for collaborative filtering without additional side information, the construction of the embeddings in Price-Aware recommendation focus' on creating additional embeddings for both price and category, and using these to make a prediction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While NGCF and LightGCN are constructed for collaborative filtering without additional side information, the construction of the embeddings in Price-Aware recommendation focuses on constructing additional embeddings for both price and category, and utilizing these to compute predictions.
```

Reviewer 2: måske dele sætningen lidt op. Den er godt nok lang
